Use template for query in SQL (#40345)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sql.markdown

Use `state` as column for value.

### Amount of state changes since using a template

This example shows the amount of state changes of the sensor `sensor.temperature_in`

> using another sensors state to provide the time window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows the amount of state changes of the sensor `sensor.temperature_in`
using another sensor's state to provide the time window.
```
